

----


jekyll


features
https://www.tawk.to/why-free/





----
==== website original content
globalxperts.net

GlobalXperts is a network communications support organization with a business focus of providing end users and solutions providers, with support services based on industry best practices.


https://twitter.com/globalxpertsinc
https://www.linkedin.com/company/globalxperts-inc-


Contact Us
5540 Centerview Drive Suite 200, Raleigh NC 27606
919-342-5482
info@globalxperts.net


==== table of content

# Solutions
## Blockchain
## Cloud and Data Center
## Devops and Rapid Application Deployment
## Security
## Unified Communications and Collaboration

# Services
## Cloud and Data Center Migration
## Managed Network Operations
## Network Consulting
## Professional Services
## Staff Augmentation
## Training

# Field Engineering
## Asset & Inventory
## Services & Coverage

# Industies
## Education
## Energy
## Financial
## Healthcare
## Media & Entertainment
## Retail
## Service Provider
## Government

# Company
## About Us
## Careers
## Community Outreach
## Strategic Partners
## Contact us

# Location


====

-- Solutions
# Blockchain
## Powerful features of Blockchain
### Access to the shared ledger is permissioned

Only authenticated parties get access to the ledger and permissions are configurable. The benefit is that ledger access can be controlled so that only parties that you want to access it can do so.

The shared ledger is replicated and distributed; every permissioned participant gets a copy of the same ledger. The benefit is the increased transparency of information.

### Transactions are encrypted

Only those parties with separately provided security certificates can un-encrypt transactions.

This means that transaction details remain secure and unreadable to all but the transaction’s explicit stakeholders.

### Immutable Transactions

 Sets of transactions are grouped up into blocks and the blocks are then written to the ledger.

 Each block also holds the hash value of the previous block; creating a linked chain of blocks that can’t be changed.

This enables assets to be traced back to their origin through every update stored in the transaction record and linked by the chain. Thus the transactions are Immutable.

### Network verified transaction

Participants in the business network agree that the shared ledger is the single source of truth or System of Record, which brings the benefit of fewer disputes about discrepancies in records of transaction details between parties.

# Blockchain Technology
Blockchains are an emerging technology pattern that can radically improve banking, supply-chain and other transaction networks, giving them new opportunities for innovation and growth while reducing cost and risk.

It is a shared public ledger. It uses the Blockchain Technology for keeping the transactions highly secure. The blockchain is a list of blocks that form the database in which transactions are written in append only manner. The Miners mine the blockchain to create new blocks.

Customers can create contracts which are embedded in the code. Hence, whenever the code runs the contract attached to the transaction is executed. A concensus systems with a group of peers in the network, ensures that the transaction is valid and on acceptance of majority, the contract is executed.

----

# Cloud and Data Center
## The migration of existing applications is easier than ever!
Migrating your existing applications to the AWS Cloud is a time-consuming and complex task if you don’t have the right tools at your disposal. With GlobalXperts, you get the expertise of a team with extensive experience in managing migration projects for enterprises and startups. We’ll work with you at every stage of the migration process to ensure you get results that align with your infrastructure and business needs.

## DevOps Automation
When infrastructure can be changed, deployed, and replicated rapidly, you empower business to deliver software more effectively. GlobalXperts uses a mature cloud DevOps framework that incorporates configuration management, infrastructure automation, and analytics to build infrastructure that can adapt at the speed of business.

We build self-healing, modular cloud infrastructure that supports your DevOps practices

- Site Reliability:  Achieve 100% uptime with a system that anticipates failure — and fails well.
- Containers and Dockers: Simplify infrastructure management and code deployment
- Continuous Delivery: Improve the frequency of software delivery with deployment automation
- Security by Design: Automate security controls & build security into every part of IT management.

## AWS Cloud Managing
Managing AWS cloud infrastructure thrusts upon a huge list of operational challenges. From monitoring, backups, disaster recovery, deployments, architecture design to managing security and DevOps tasks continuously in itself can take your focus away from your core business.

The best way forward is to seek assistance from GlobalXperts to help you focus on Apps instead of Ops.

----

# Devops and Rapid Application Deployment
## DevOps and Rapid Application Deployment
Business today must move at the speed the technology moves. With the slow decline of traditional software development, which often cannot keep up the pace, the industry got rid of rigidity that existed in the traditional development lifecycle. DevOps is one of the key pillars to make IT be the relevant partner in-line with the clients’ business and is a close companion to agile. The DevOps model helps in active communication and feedback from different stakeholders such as developers, testers and the IT team. The success, flexibility and reliability of this structure have led to re-imagine the process and work flows within the organizations.

We, at GlobalXperts, having extensive experience in DevOps, leverages this expertise to provide our clients with comprehensive DevOps approach though automation, integration, deployment, monitoring and support stages of the development lifecycle. Leveraging our DevOps Assessment Framework, GlobalXperts delivers strategies and solutions that help clients maximize the benefits of their DevOps investment.

----

# Security
## The proper management of your security infrastructure is crucial to protecting your assets.
Properly managing your security infrastructure is critical to meeting the needs of a dynamic business environment and protecting your assets from the evolving threat landscape. Effectively managing your security systems is a resource intensive effort that requires specialized expertise. Because of these factors, security management can quickly burden your team, taking them away from more strategic activities. Security must be considered in terms of physical, access, social engineering, storage, prevention, identification, mitigation, forensics and ISP-to-end point (and devices in between).

Firewall, IDS and IPS management tailored to your business needs. GlobalXperts engineers will monitor and take appropriate action for violations based on your enterprise’s security policies and metrics. GlobalXperts can also extend your security team with 24×7 monitoring of your security devices and critical information assets. Cisco-certified security experts analyze and respond to potential incidents and vulnerabilities before damage is done. Our Oracle SBC specialists are available to design and implement thoughtfully crafted Session Border Control solutions and rapidly troubleshoot, isolate and correct the most challenging of routing, switching, latency, QoS and other difficult to find SIP related issues.

- Firewall management
- Session Border Control
- Distributed Denial of Service Protection
- Security logs analysis
- Network Intrusion Prevention and Detection
- Security Information Management
- Vulnerability Scanning
- Threat Intelligence


## SECURITY VULNERABILITY ASSESSMENTS
Companies have become highly connected on a global basis with the advancement of the Internet. Unified connectivity among manufacturers, dealers, partners, clients and employees has provided many tangible benefits such as improved productivity, customer satisfaction and higher ROI. The sheer complexity of seamlessly connecting disparate organizations both internally and externally has made their data more vulnerable to risk.

This added exposure to security risks has caused organizations from SMBs to the Federal Government to re-think their security policies and information security platform. Organizations must secure their networks or bank transactions, HIPPA data, sensitive corporate data or even top secret Government data can be lost.

Utilizing best industry practices, GlobalXperts offers vulnerability scanning in executing our security assessments to identify weaknesses in the entire network and provide our customers with unbiased reporting/recommendations for remediation/mitigation. GlobalXperts’ Security Vulnerability Assessments assist companies in identifying vulnerable risks in their internal and external network by methodically scanning the environment with the most current vulnerability signatures.

----

# Unified Communications and Collaboration

## Unified Communications
Unified Communications (UC) enables the telecommuter and travelers in-transit to enjoy the same communications functionality as colleagues sitting at their desktops in terms of both access and visibility. This “just as good as being there” distributed communications environment speeds up collaborative business conferences and therefore the decision-making process.


Integration


Cisco (UC)


Oracle EC

## Integration
Unified Communications gracefully integrates communication technologies such as IP Telephony, unified messaging, instant messaging, presence, social networking, data & video conferencing and a host of other features into one cohesive solution that promotes connectedness throughout the company.

At the heart of UC is IP Telephony (IPT) which has rapidly been replacing the legacy TDM switch. Technologies and tools are seamlessly integrated offering organizations rich communication features and performance across the enterprise.

- Voice
- Video
- Contact Center
- Webex
- Instant Messaging
- Real-Time Communications
- IP Session Recording
- Enterprise Operations Monitor

## Cisco Unified Communications
GlobalXperts has developed a deep understanding of Cisco Unified Communications and how to design, implement and manage it. Solutions providers and end-user organizations that partner with us for our professional services or our remote support services have the peace of mind in knowing that their customers are in good hands with our professional staff of experienced engineers.

We offer all levels of support such as Level 1 help desk support up through certified Level 3 subject matter experts. For managed services customers, our SLAs can be structured to just cover the dark ours and weekends or to fully co-manage all support for a customer account.

## Oracle Enterprise Communications
As a Gold Partner with Oracle Enterprise Communications, GlobalXperts is available to design and implement revenue protection and growth solutions such as Real Time Communications, IP Session Recording and Enterprise Operations Monitor. These tools are invaluable in support of rich and multimedia communications between your enterprise professionals and end user customers, matters of compliance and rapid IP/SIP problem identification, isolation and correction.

These all become especially compelling drivers for service and operations focused organizations that place a high value on customer satisfaction “in the moment,” where high value users are in immediate need of skilled assistance. Swift and contextual support that aligns to customer preferences provides the level of stickiness required that reduces churn and drives revenue retention. At GlobalXperts we like to say that communication problems are inevitable but customer exposure to those problems are optional.

----


-- Services
# Cloud and Data Center Migration
## Assisting in the designing, migration, security, operation, and the continuous optimization of infrastructure leveraging cloud technologies
Cloud Management platform – offers quick ROI, seamless cloud cost management, comprehensive cloud security, advanced cloud automation, and smart migration services featuring 99.99% up-time. Cloud computing enables scalable, on demand and pay-per-use IT infrastructure, eliminating the barriers of space and time.

## Cloud Migration and Strategy
- Cloud Strategy: Unite key stakeholders and understand the key elements of cloud adoption.
- Cloud Planning: Create a step-by-step action plan for migrating to the cloud.
- Cloud Migration: Applications and data are securely migrated to the new target environment.
- Cloud optimization: Improve the reliability, security, and ROI of your cloud environment.
- Cloud 24/7 Support: GlobalXperts will provide end to end day 2 support.

## Migration Services
A successful AWS migration requires actionable, error-free, and detailed analysis of the current environment with a proper migration plan in place.

With GlobalXperts Migration Services, migration of your data center or applications to the AWS cloud is a breeze. Plus, it reduces migration costs and risks associated with the migration.

# The approach:
- DISCOVERY: GlobalXperts first identifies the inventory of current applications and their usage along with their platforms and license dependencies. We also identify the SLA’s, security, and compliance of various business applications.
- ANALYSIS: By using industry best practices and the information gathered in the discovery phase, GlobalXperts cloud architects work with you to design the cloud architecture model to be deployed on the cloud.
- MIGRATION: All the major layers of the system requirements, such as DNS, load balancers, web, application layers, database, storage, security, internal/external integrations, monitoring, backup, deployment, and background programs are migrated to cloud.
- VALIDATION: We ensure that the systems have been migrated without loss of fidelity in functional and non-functional requirements.

----

# Managed Network Operations
## Managed Network Operations
Nowadays virtually all forward-looking companies have moved to or are planning to move to an IP-based network platform and use high-speed internet daily as part of their enterprise information technology solution. We are also aware that a minefield of potential bottlenecks or security intrusions lurks within the cloud that can drastically degrade network performance or even cause loss of critical data.




## Remote Network Support
Customers have 24/7 access to GlobalXperts support services through our Remote Network Operations Center (RNOC). Highly skilled engineers stand ready to answer questions, diagnose customer networks and remotely troubleshoot & resolve any problem or service request directed to them. Our credentialed technical staff have experience and expertise with the leading communications vendors systems our customers utilize. Because of our specialization certification with Cisco Collaboration, we have even deeper expertise with their solutions. In addition to providing managed services to end user organizations, GlobalXperts provides end-to-end remote network and infrastructure support augmentation to solutions providers, VARS and integrators for their managed service practices.

## Help Desk Support
Like all technology-based solutions, information technology should not be constantly on a customer’s mind when using it for a video conference, voice call, email, fax or data storage; it should just be there and work every time. In the real world, things go wrong and hiccups disrupt the even flow of information which leads to loss of productivity and frustration. Mitigating downtime with fast and reliable corrective support can make the difference between a slight delay and a canceled international video conference.

Many companies try to handle their entire help desk and support services in-house and for some, it works. For most, however, the cost of maintaining a highly trained and specialized staff at a 24/7 help desk is cost prohibitive especially given that the core strategic business operations of most companies are far removed from IT. Every organization must evaluate the cost of establishing a fully staffed help desk and support service capability versus partnering with a company that specializes in 24/7 technical support. GlobalXperts goal is to always be there when our customers reach out and to deliver across-the-board support for all their IT technology needs at a ROI that makes it possible.

Each company has different Help Desk support needs as it pertains to incident, problem, and knowledge management requirements. When GlobalXperts partners with you, we pair our engineering staff with your technical staff to try to make business decisions on how to keep your enterprise solutions running as well as to maximize end-user support satisfaction. Whether it’s answering a service request, logging events or escalating a trouble ticket, our help desk staff is there to support our customers.

## RNOC Support
Our 24/7/365 RNOC is fully equipped to monitor your SNMP-enabled IT infrastructure including but not limited to workstations, routers, switches, servers, gateways, and firewalls. Proactive monitoring identifies problems before they occur and response is immediate by one of our experienced engineers at the RNOC. For instance, we can see when CPU or memory utilization is long running or SQL transactions are blocked, disk space is running low, network is approaching saturation, abnormal event log activity and more.

Our white label practice offers day-to-day management and monitoring of end-user customer network environments and maintaining network quality. Service Level Agreements are structured to meet your specific IT environment and level of augmentation requirements. These services include hardware and software monitoring and fault management performed by certified engineers. We are constantly looking at bandwidth allocation, network availability/interface availability, and other performance monitoring metrics to ensure that your network is always running at peak performance.

The bulk of our engineers are graduates and virtually all have multiple industry certifications with Microsoft, VMware, Cisco, Avaya, Nortel and others. The RNOC maintains an in-house laboratory for not only duplicating and resolving fault signatures but also for training young engineers for advanced certifications. This has enabled us to stay ahead of the power curve in supporting advanced technology solutions found in Collaboration, Routing/Switching, Data Centers and Security.

Our goal is to ensure that your IT systems are operational, available, and secure which allows you to focus on the core competencies of your business, controlling costs and growing revenues. The engineers at GlobalXperts evaluate data and performance statistics of monitored components and applications to provide you with accurate and actionable management reports.

----

# Network Consulting
## Introducing GlobalXperts, a Consulting partner for all your information technology framework needs
Our consulting practice offers counselling and recommendations that help clients assess multiple technology methodology strategies. These services support customers’ IT programs by delivering strategic, architectural, operational and implementation planning for their organizations.

GlobalXperts’ ICT Consulting team adds value to your business by supplying the planning, architecture, integration and implementation services required to plan, build, enhance and modernize your communications technology and business solutions. These services may cover an array of technologies and delivery models such as cloud, offshore, networks, mobility, unified communications, data center, security, desktop solutions, and managed services.

Our professionals around the world advice your leaders on the best use of technology, applications and services to optimize your IT business environment and accomplish greater levels of improvement.  Our consultants work with you to develop a strategic roadmap that puts your IT approach on track with your business priorities.

When requested, our architects will work with your technical staff in developing plans for addressing data, cloud, mobility and IT-As-A-Service strategies. Our team helps you to design a complete solution that integrates new technologies and solutions with your legacy systems to contain cost. In fact, our chief objective is to ensure that the new service delivers to return on investment and business metrics you want.

We use repeatable services for current state assessments and planning activities with positive outcomes. And, to help companies develop a strategy, architecture, and implementation roadmap, our team employs a systematic and modular methodology to insure a holistic result. We offer a methodical approach using best practices and we would welcome the opportunity to partner with you to help evaluate your organizations IT structure and business solutions.

Information & communication technology (ICT) managers are challenged with implementing project management programs and implementing and managing communication networks. IT leaders must support current business operations while charting a workable path to a more nimble, secure, proficient and highly mobile network.

Choosing the right IT consultant that can be a trusted partner in planning and building innovative solutions and improve your IT infrastructure is an important but dauting task.

Architecture planning includes advisory services that combine strategic plans and knowledge of emerging technologies to create the logical design of the network environment and the supporting infrastructure to meet customer requirements. Operational assessment and benchmarking includes services that assess the operating efficiency and capacity of a client’s network environment.

GlobalXperts’ advisory services help clients assess their network requirements, formulate implementation planning which includes advising customers on the rollout and testing of new network deployments.

----

# Professional Services
## From a small-scale software application to a large enterprise national rollout, we’ve got you covered
Our technical team works with your IT staff to ensure that the solution meets or exceeds business objectives. GlobalXperts team of Information Technology consultants and engineers offer experienced life cycle consulting services in support of the deployment of a variety of solutions & business applications. Our professional technical augmentation services support solutions providers and integrators that are primarily Cisco based. We work with and support your team in the following areas:

- Requirements analysis, software package based on business focus
- Architecture planning, design
- Full life cycle engineering
- Integration and project deployment

## Data Center & Virtualization
We offer comprehensive technical expertise for advanced network solutions. In just the past few years for instance, Data Center and Desktop Virtualization has dramatically improved the efficiency and availability of resources and applications for thousands of companies both large enterprises and SMBs.

Our Data Center and Virtualization team utilizes best practices in designing, implementingandoptimizing new or expanded data center solutions for our customers. We work closely with our technology partners to offer industry leading servers, grid storage for backup and archiving and scalable SAN storage. We also offer:

- Virtualization solutions
- High availability strategies
- Green data center & reduced operational costs
- Virtual Desktop Infrastructure (VDI) services
- Site Recovery Manager (SRM) Services
- Physical to Virtual Conversion services

## Unified Communications
GlobalXperts Unified Communications technical services are based on real-world; best practices developed from several successful deployments of Unified Communications solutions. We have a team of certified and experienced consultants and technicians that collectively cover the functional and technological disciplines necessary for integrating disparate technologies into one cohesive network. Converging voice, data & video onto a single media fabric is a methodical process that must take into account existing infrastructure & business processes along with the organizations objectives and goal architecture.

Our Unified Communications planning, design and implementation services process is based on utilizing measurable information from all organizations across the enterprise to assure a stable & reliable deployment and to make certain the customer achieves a favorable return on their investment. Our consulting & engineering team will work closely with our partners during the Unified Communications planning, requirements analysis and design process in the performance of the following activities:

- Determine feature and functional requirements by analyzing business operations, capacity, availability, site requirements, capacity, integration issues such as legacy equipment and deployment schedule.
- Define the solution that meets your requirements by determining the components and features, functions & applications that make up the architecture.
- Develop site requirements by identifying the hardware, software, management and physical needs that interact with the implementation and operation of the solution architecture at each location. Considerations are hardware components, solution software, LEC circuits, WAN connectivity, physical needs etc.
- Generate a detailed design for the Unified Communications system based on the requirements identified. Typical requirement considerations are call processing, application software, network infrastructure, conferencing (voice & video), interoperability, messaging, security, directory and migration.
- Develop implementation plan to include project scope, timelines, scheduling of actions at each site, resources and vendor support needed, risk management, hardware & software delivery, program deadlines, acceptance tests and training.
- Stage and install new Unified Communications platform. Where possible, stage, pre-assemble and test systems and subsystems before final installation to save time and trouble shooting. Installing the system requires installing and configuring your network infrastructure and installing and setting up the system components. This would include everything from installing equipment in data racks, placing and configuring servers, place phones, verify power and final cabling, final router and switch configuration etc.

----

# Staff Augmentation

## We make it easy to get the help you need when you want it!
Been in a time crunch and your Unified Communications rollout schedule is in trouble? You’ve needed help configuring a Cisco Enterprise Mobility platform and all of your engineers are deployed? It happens to all of us. While managing their IT environments, leaders many times find that they need additional staff for a much-needed skillset. Because GlobalXperts is a solution provider, we understand the pain a staff shortage can cause.

Our staff augmentation capability is steeped in both knowledge and experience with the IT networks and technology solutions that companies need to be successful and stay competitive. When our partners need temporary technical support, GlobalXperts can draw from over 2000 highly skilled resources. We can not only mobilize resources quickly but can also support work in multiple countries for companies that have multi-national requirements.

Once an implementation team is mobilized, the project must continue, and we are there to help. GlobalXperts’ Staff Augmentation Services deliver prescreened and experienced professionals with the skills that are needed. People, from smart hands to subject matter experts, are always the greatest asset; therefore, identifying the best resource fit for your requirement is our highest priority. The methodology we employ when identifying temporary staffing consist of:

- Need Evaluation: A GlobalXperts team member will work with leaders in your organization to define the specific staffing requirements needed.
- Technical Resource Search: A search will be conducted to determine the best fit for your requirements from our worldwide pool of over 2000 experienced candidates.
- Evaluation of Candidates: An extensive screening process is utilized to evaluate all aspects of the candidates. Because GlobalXperts specializes in IT, we understand the importance of matching, skillsets and experience with tasks required. You will receive detailed information to include their resume, past experience and references on all candidates offered.
- Staff Fulfillment: Once you have made your decision from the candidates offered, it is simply a matter of executing an expedited onboarding process. And, we won’t leave you stranded. You will have access to our SME support staff and 24×7 NOC if needed.


GlobalXperts’ staff augmentation experience tracks closely with the kinds of technical services IT leaders require including:

- Help with enterprise architecture planning and design
- Network Design and Deployment services
- Unified Communication, Data Center and Cloud integration
- Cisco and Microsoft Integration services
- Program Management
- Managed Services & 24x7x365 Network Service Desk Support

----

# Training

## Enhance the way students study and experience Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math (STEM)
GlobalXperts, Inc. is a company founded by a thirty-year work experienced Network Implementation Engineer. The staff is comprised of individuals who both earned a Master of engineering Degree from North Carolina Agricultural and Technical University. We represent the face of the underserved community where we have dedicated out time to expose the youth to technology applications help them enhance their critical thinking, imagination and innovation along with developing their verbal and written communication skills.

Our mission is to inspire students with their critical thinking by providing “real life” experiences that challenge them to learn and apply new skills. Students realize the value of essential STEM skills through robotics competitions. FIRST (For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology) has a comprehensive offering of robotics competitions covering K-12. The Lego Robotics program not only enhances the participants’ math concepts but helps develop soft skills as well.

Our long-term vision is for urban and rural schools to offer robotics as an elective course to the student population continue to form collegiate partnerships, and corporate partnerships to work on real-life robotic projects (not to mention the STEM, leadership and confidence building components). Mindstorm(Lego Robotics) is proving to be a great alternate learning experience for at risk students as well as the students who perform well in school.

GlobalXperts, Inc. has strategic relationships with Give N Go NPOand OneVibe to bring STEM Programs to our communities as well as to enhance our communities experience and skill sets.


E-Learning Consultation
READ MORE

S.T.E.M Program
Students will be exposed to STEM concepts through robotics…
READ MORE

Internetworking Engineer Training
CCENT, CCNA, CCT Data Center…
READ MORE

21st Century Workshops
Learn more about the workshops we offer…
READ MORE


## S.T.E.M. Program
This project will develop robotics awareness for middle/high school students. Underserved and minority students will be exposed to Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM) concepts through robotics. They will also be provided information and opportunities to further explore STEM concepts throughout high school and college. The target low-income communities have established informal education environments for youth in grades K-12, but in most instances, lack the programming to expose youth to STEM opportunities. Expanding on the current afterschool program implementation model will provide these opportunities. Students and instructors will develop their robotics skills through the use of:

Well-established school-year curriculum
Summer enrichment component and,
Virtual face-to-face meetings with professionals in several cutting-edge technology industries
Robotics represents an interdisciplinary topic that combines the diverse areas of technology, computer science, engineering, and the sciences. Robotics offers the opportunity to expose students to the versatile nature of STEM and can thus be used in a variety of classrooms and in after school programs as a tool to increase student exposure, motivation and learning in STEM. The use of practical, hands -on applications of mathematical and scientific concepts across various engineering topics will help students to link scientific concepts with technology, problem solving, and design, and to apply their classroom lessons to real-life problems (Rockland et al., 2010).

## E-Learning Consultation
E-learning provides flexible learning on demand. It can support learning communities where participants’ complete assignments independently, interact with experts, and converse with other learners in real or asynchronous time. This kind of education is learner-centered and designed to meet the training needs of the Information Age workforce.

GlobalXperts, Inc. consultants bring years of expertise in organizational development, the psychology of learning, and customized instructional design. We harness this expertise to design and produce benchmark e-learning solutions.

GlobalXperts. Inc. provides end-to-end services, including learning needs assessment, strategic curriculum consulting, course development, deployment and implementation consulting, and performance measurement. Our Consulting services utilize multimedia, interactive courseware, on-line dialog and collaboration, and face-to-face, on-site, expert-led classroom work. Asymmetry can provide clients with customized, web-based training solutions that meet the high expectations of today’s employee base.

## Internetworking Engineer Training
Cisco Certified Entry Networking Technician (CCENT) [routing/switching, security] validates the ability to install, operate and troubleshoot a small enterprise branch network, including basic network security. With a CCENT, professional demonstrates the skills required for entry-level network support positions – the starting point for many successful careers in networking. The curriculum covers networking fundamentals, WAN technologies, basic security and wireless concepts, routing and switching fundamentals, and configuring simple networks.

Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) [routing/switching, security] validates the ability to install, configure, operate, and troubleshoot medium-size route and switched networks, including implantation and verification of connections to remote sites in a WAN. CCNA curriculum includes basic mitigation of security threats, introduction to wireless networking concepts and terminology, and performance-based skills. This new curriculum also includes, but not limited to, the use of these protocols:

- IP
- Enhanced Interior Gateway Routing Protocol (EIGRP)
- Serial Line Interface Protocol Frame Relay
- Routing Information Protocol Version 2 (RIPv2)
- VLANs
- Ethernet
- Access Control Lists (ACLs)


Data Center Certification (CCT) focuses on the skills required for onsite support and maintenance of Cisco Unified Computing Systems and servers. Technicians in this area must be able to identify Cisco Unified Computing System components and servers, accessories, cabling and interfaces; understand the Cisco UCS and NX-OS operating modes and identify commonly-found software; and be able to use the Cisco Graphical User Interface to connect and service product components. Achieving CCT in Data Center requires achieving a CCT in Routing & Switching first.

Front End Engineering focuses on creating experiences in web browsers that users see and interact with. The discipline covers a broad area, from web design principles to complex JavaScript applications that manage data. In this course the participant will learn how to build beautiful interactive and responsive websites.

Back End Engineeringfocuses on the logic and database needs required to run and scale web applications. Back End products combine databases, APIs, and user interface frameworks. Backend developers deploy fully formed products to the cloud, integrate with online services, and enable mobile and front-end applications. In this course, the participant will demystify what goes on behind the scenes on a web server.

Mobile Engineering focuses on creating native experiences designed specifically for mobile operating systems and the hardware they run on. Mobile developers create tactile apps that leverage internet connectivity, content capture functionality and hardware-specific features. In this course, students will learn to design and develop mobile apps for iPhone and Android.

## Languages taught by us that employers are looking for
Java ScriptJavaLogoMircosoft LogoocbjphpRails
21st Century Workshops

An introduction to public speaking. Improve your presentation skills with quick and easy to implement techniques.

You need to create career-marketing tools that will make the true you shine and leave them wanting more. It all starts with building your personal brand.

This boot camp introduces students to the current social media landscape and explores how it can be used for maximum…. This workshop is for beginners.

What is the difference between your LinkedIn profile and your resume? Resume Shoppe offers some insight as to how to distinguish yourself off and online.

The age of Internet ubiquity has arrived.
The world is moving beyond standalone devices into new era where everything is connected.
Microsoft Courses Offered

----


-- Field Engineering
# Asset & Inventory
## Overview
IT assets are the foundation in running and growing the business. In order to utilize the IT assets fully and obtain the greatest value, they need to be managed throughout their lifecycle. However, tracking high volumes of assets is an overwhelming task for any organization, especially those with large and dynamic networks.

GlobalXperts’ Asset Management Service is designed to help organizations get the most out of their IT asset investments by simplifying the management of the IT assets and ensuring that they are always ready for the business. The service provides an accurate view of the assets by collecting the latest base data from various sources, which includes customer provided data and network collections.

## Dedicated Asset Manager
The Dedicated Asset Manager will serve as the SPOC managing, tracking, and reporting on any asset or contract management issues. The Asset Manager:

- Provides an accurate view of the inventory
- Tracks and manages IT assets and related contracts
- Provides proactive alerts about impending contract expirations and uncovered assets
- Provides detailed reports on inventory, including at-risk products

### Features and Benefits:

- Complete Inventory Visibility
- Combine and reconcile data from customer and network collections
- Manage and track asset moves, adds, changes and deletes (MACDs)
- Analytics and Business Insight
- Get up-to-date asset information for more strategic decisions regarding asset utilization and technology initiatives
- Receive in-depth business reviews with recommendations for improvements
- Asset Lifecycle and Contract Management
- Improve asset utilization
- Identify uncovered and last date of support assets, provide assistance for renewals and migration
- Support contract entitlement issues

----

# Services & Coverage
## Field Engineering Practice
GlobalXperts, an Information Technology Solutions Provider specializing in Collaboration and Data Center solutions has a deep understanding of networking enterprises and cloud technologies that incorporate Collaboration, Data Center, Security solutions and products from leading equipment manufacturers.

Our onsite engineering and support services utilize Agile processes to maximize performance and deliver field services to some of the largest enterprises and OEM’s worldwide.

## Network Support Services
### Equipment Installation

On-site hardware unpacking, assembling and product inspection. Defective or broken equipment is reported if required. Product or system is installed in the client’s equipment room if required, and wiring/cables are connected.

### Device configuration

We upload, check, or create configurations based on supplied data. We can tailor network solutions to your needs including upgrading firmware.

### Troubleshooting

GlobalXperts engineers can mobilize quickly to access your site in the shortest time possible to repair defective devices and work through SIP, T1, ISDN network/internet line trouble issues with local ISPs.

### Acceptance testing

After installation, our technical resource will perform a system test which includes connectivity testing, inspection of installed hardware, pictures of the rack and documentation of all devices delivered. An acceptance report is then signed by the customer and the responsible GlobalXperts resource.


## Break-Fix Services
- On-site support to 100 countries & 500 sites
- Services-Surveys, break-fix to site turn-up
- Physical and logical security
- Operates 24x7x365
- Backup NOC and power
- Secure VPN from NOC to client

## Coverage
- GlobalXperts field engineering services are available worldwide
- Our field team can mobilize quickly to provide coverage when the customer needs it.
- We can cover some of the most difficult places on the globe with skilled engineers on-demand


100
COUNTRIES
Global Presence in over 125 Countries!

500
CITIES
Presence in over 650 cities worldwide!

24/7
SERVICE DESK
Service Desk support 24/7 365 days a year!

4hr
RESPONSE TIME
Response times as low as 2 hours!

3000+
RESOURCES
Access to over 3,000 certified and trained technicians!


----

-- Industies
# Education
## Empowering and supporting the leaders of tomorrow
Technology and Education provide wonderful gateways for our children to succeed and improve our world. Here at GlobalXperts we take pride in supporting Educational facilities with their technological needs. Our children are our future, and by providing innovative solutions that expand young minds along with accurate service support we can bridge the gap between technology and education.

----

# Energy
## The power to create
GlobalXperts and thousands of other companies have achieved much thanks to our energy companies. Whether it is powering a city, a manufacturing facility, air and land travel or the family vacation to the beach, our entire way of life would not be possible without the endless supply of energy! That is why we work tirelessly to provide our energy customers the best IT support services we can to help energy companies continue to make life better throughout our world!

----

# Financial
## Accessibility and innovation
Being able to have ease of access to our finances is something we all want. Since technology continues to shape our world, financial companies are constantly working hard to keep up. The task is daunting given the looming cybersecurity challenges our financial institutions face and the growing need for faster and more innovative ways to transact business.  Whether those services are derived from bricks and mortar offices, ATM’s, mobile apps or online services, financial companies continue to innovate ways for us to have ease of access to our finances. Adhering to industries best practices, GlobalXperts provides the advanced IT environment and support services that financial companies require.

----

# Healthcare
## The value of life
Healthcare providers work tirelessly to provide superior health care for our loved ones and ourselves. Whether it is a health care company, a hospital, an outpatient clinic or a pharmaceutical business, GlobalXperts understands the importance and value that these organizationsplay in our lives and the unique IT infrastructure needed to deliver their services. Keeping up with so many patients and communicating information across the world is so sensitive that healthcare companies need someone they can rely on. Healthcare industries are one of our most important clients and based on their continuing need for IT services support we know we are helping make a difference in the lives of many.

----

# Media & Entertainment
## Engaging our world
Media and entertainment industries continue to find creative ways to reach people with fresh, rich entertainment content. Using technology as their main tool for innovation, GlobalXperts knows that keeping up with IT needs is a must! We provide high performance IT solutionsfor the media & entertainment industries that addresses enterprise, network, cloud, wireless, mobile devices and social media. By keeping up with fast emerging new technologies, GlobalXperts is the go-to company for reliable IT solutions that will get your company back on track!

----

# Retail
## The more the better
Retail companies have taken off with the help of new technology that continues to advance and improve with time. As society moves forward, so does the need for retail companies to keep up and stay ahead of the competition. By finding new ways to reach customers, retail companies need someone with the expertise to support them for their IT infrastructure needs. GlobalXperts uses a best of breed approach to ensurethat we deliver the most innovative and productive IT solutions available to keep retailers on top of their game!

----

# Service Provider
## Partnering for success
The goal of any information technology solution provider is to deliver exceptional service to their customers.  Growing their business and finding more efficient ways of delivering services are key in succeeding as a service provider company. GlobalXperts provides the expertise to enable your company to do just that.  We understand that there are times when it makes sense to partner on a project rollout or helping with managed services support. With GlobalXpertshelping you with the areas giving you the most pain, your company resources can be directed to what is most important such as adding new accounts growing revenue.

----

# Government
## Making IT simple and bringing technology to the people
The Government IT procurementprocess can be very precise and complex if not familiar with this market. GlobalXpertsunderstands the process starting with pre-bid meetings, developing proposals during the solicitation phase, the specialized contracting approaches the government uses, past performance requirements, evaluation criteria to contract award and implementation.Our staff is ready to help you with all facets of your IT enterprise and networkrequirements including Cisco collaboration, data center, cloud, wireless and mobility applications. Whatever the need, our engineers are ready to listen and provide expert planning and design support for your next initiative.

GlobalXperts is a Small, Woman-Owned, 8a Business concern that is focused on planning, designing, implementing and managing IT networks on a worldwide basis.Whether the project is with the federal government, state or local government, we take care to not only develop the right solution design but to also keep an eye on the bottom line. We have been implementing industry leading IT solutions for streamlining communications operations since 2005 for mostly the commercial sector. Many of the goals of our private sector business customers apply to our government customers. For instance, all stakeholders want IT solutions that are highly available, productive, scalable and secure at a fair price.

Government agencies benefit from doing business with a company that is familiar with their process and delivers on their contractual promises. That’s GlobalXperts.

----


-- Company
# About Us
## About GlobalXperts
The core of what we do here at GlobalXperts is focused on our clients’ goals.

We run alongside our clients to accomplish what ever goals they have set before them to run their businesses successfully. By providing network management and technical services that are timely, credible, and reliable, we make it our priority to deliver the best results and exceed client expectations.


## How Do We Accomplish This?
We do this by providing robust focus on managed services support and professional services for advanced Cisco solutions. Our focus is on Cisco’s PBM (Plan, Build, Manage) life cycle, and while each phase of the service delivery model is strategically designed to build upon the previous phase, GlobalXperts technical staff has been successfully utilized by our clients for any or all phases.

### TESTIMONIALS
## Key Resources

## GX Team
Diverse, Driven and Innovative.

We believe our greatest resource is our employees which comprise a pool of highly skilled engineers at our RNOC.

The skillset of our engineers will vary based on their solutions focus and their technical qualifications and certification levels. We have engineers with certifications such as Cisco’s CCIE, CIPT, CCSP, CISSP, CQFS, CQVS and similar certifications with VMware, Avaya, Microsoft and others.

The GlobalXperts team consists of experienced professionals drawn from the most successful communication companies in the world. Our technicians have proven track records developed from experience at various Technical Assistance Centers (TAC) on complex Issues related to Cisco’s enterprise communications solutions and many others. Our engineers have the technical skills and experience to monitor, manage and remediate problems across very complex networks employing collaboration, data center, security, social, mobility and cloud computing solutions.

## RNOC
The technicians and engineers at our remote network operations center (RNOC) have a deep understanding of internetworking and how data, voice and video collaboration interact within the converged network platform which includes Cisco advanced solutions.

GlobalXperts RNOC is staffed with over 50 experienced engineers with multi-vendor credentials and the necessary tools to manage small, medium and large enterprise networks.

Based on an engineer’s certifications, skillset, education, training & experience, our RNOC staff is comprised of Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 engineers. Typically, Level 1 engineers perform Help Desk & Monitoring services and Level 2 and Level 3 engineers perform advanced engineering, troubleshooting & resolution support functions.

### Global Presence
We offer exceptional managed IT infrastructure services, professional and staffing services to SMB and enterprise level companies, system integrators and to the public sector on a worldwide basis. With access to over 2000 technical resources in more than 125 countries and over 600 cities, GlobalXperts has executed projects on four continents.

----

# Careers
## Position: Project Manager (PM) and Bids & Proposal (B&P) Coordinator
Job Summary: The candidate for this position will assume the lead for developing proposals for bids submitted and for project management during proposal evaluation and for post award project execution.

## Work Environment & Solutions:
This is a small business so the successful candidate must be self-sufficient not only with regards to PM and B&P but also with the of type bids we develop and with the market we sell to. Our target market is the Federal Government, both Defense and Civil agencies. Some private sector work will also be bid. The technology area we pursue is information technology (IT) with an emphasis on Cisco voice & data advanced solutions. Candidate will be supported by a technical staff in structuring IT solutions for the bids.

## Security
A strong understanding of MS Office, IP communications and tools such as FTP, Dropbox etc. is needed to communicate effectively between locations. Good written and oral communications skills are necessary to deal with everything from proposal development to participating in oral proposals. Some travel will be required.

## Virtualization
All aspects of IT will be pursued such as subcontracting to a prime contractor on large programs; proposing bids for turnkey projects (Computer Networking, Wireless, Voice solutions, IT Operations & Maintenance etc.) and staffing projects that involves finding and supplying technical resources.

Candidate must have a general understanding of IP-based components such as routers, switches, servers, gateways, firewalls etc. used in voice, data & video enterprise networks. Candidate must have an understanding of PM disciplines including Government proposal process, spreadsheet/PM software, complex pricing models, work breakdown structures, scheduling ETC associated with bidding and managing projects. It would be an added benefit to have an understanding of the ERATE program and developing proposals for ERATE projects.

Location: Raleigh-Triangle area. Part time or full time Compensation: Variable Experience, skillset and other factors.

Email us at: info@globalxperts.net to learn more.

----

# Community Outreach
## Spreading Love Throughout Our Community
We believe in love and kindness. The kind that has the power to change our world for the better.

As a community of gifted professionals, we believe it to be an honor and a privilege to help our communities.

Whether it is by volunteering our time or donating to local charities, we know that together we can make our world a better place.

## Check out some of our recent community outreach photos!

## Crayons2Calculators (C2C)
Serves the educational and creative needs of students in Durham Public Schools by providing free school supplies to classroom teachers… For more information, Visit:http://www.crayons2calculators.org/about.html

----

# Strategic Partners
## Partnering For Success
GlobalXperts has trusted relationships with business partners and manufacturers throughout the United States, and internationally. These relationships enhance and expand on GlobalXperts ability to offer our customers quality technical services that are reliable, responsive and cost effective. Many of the vendor partners we either support or have alliances with are listed below:

----

# Contact us
Contact Us
USA
 Address: 5540 Centerview Drive

 Suite 200, Raleigh NC 27606

 Phone : 919-342-5482

 Email : info@globalxperts.net

 Email : sales@globalxperts.net

USA
 Elmer Baugess

 Greensboro, NC

 Phone : 614-883-1700

 Email : elmer@globalxperts.net

USA
 13355 Noel Road, Suite 1100 Dallas, TX 75240

 Phone : (214) 310-0355

 Phone : (214) 564-9990

 alan.murrell@globalxperts.net

Singapore
 Address:1 Siglap Road

 Mandarin Garden 0509 Singapore

 sri@globalxperts.net

Indonesia
 AB 18 Mediterania Bukit gading

 Kelapa gading Jakarta, Indonesia

 shireesh@globalxperts.net

Australia
 315256 Jenola Parade

 WANTIRNA SOUTH Victoria, Australia, 3152

 david@globalxperts.net

New Zealand
 213 Halsey Drive

 Lynfield, Auckland, New Zealand

 peter@globalxperts.net

United Kingdom
 Branch office 54 Hilbury Avenue, Harrow, Middlesex, London, HA3 8EW

 Suite 200, Raleigh NC 27606

 enquiry@globalxperts.net

Panama
 Address:Coronado, Via Interamericana

 Across from the Coronado Mall Plaza Corutu

 Email : info@globalxperts.net

India
 No.133, MTAB Towers, 3rd Floor, Developed Electrical,

 Electronoics, IT & ITES Industrial Estate Perungudi, Chennai 600 096

 Email : sales@globalxperts.net

Canada
 205 - 810 Quayside Dr

 New Westminster, BC V3M 6B9

 info@globalxperts.net

AUSTRALIA
 Level 30 Westpac House, 91 King William Street,

 Adelaide SA 5000, Australia.

 info@globalxperts.net

UNITED KINGDOM
 #1 Olympic Way Wembley,

 Greater London HA09 0NP United Kingdom.

 +44 203 597 7047

 Email : info@globalxperts.net



----


-- Location
[map of google]
